feat: Bind keyboard events to the current  excalidraw container and add handleKeyboardGlobally prop to allow host to bind to document (#3430)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/README_NEXT.md

Indicates whether Excalidraw should listen for `scroll` event on the nearest scrollable container in the DOM tree and recompute the coordinates (e.g. to correctly handle the cursor) when the component's position changes. You can disable this when you either know this doesn't affect your app or you want to take care of it yourself (calling the [`refresh()`](#ref) method).

### bindKeyGlobally

> Indicates whether to bind keyboard events to document. By default this is false and keyboard events are bind to the excalidraw component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates whether to bind keyboard events to `document`. Disabled by default, meaning the keyboard events are bound to the Excalidraw component. This allows for multiple Excalidraw components to live on the same page, and ensures that Excalidraw keyboard handling doesn't collide with your app's (or the browser) when the component isn't focused.

Enable this if you want Excalidraw to handle keyboard even if the component isn't focused (e.g. a user is interacting with the navbar, sidebar, or similar).
```
